=head1 NAME

 Imgur::API::Model::GalleryImage

=head1 DESCRIPTION

  The data model formatted for gallery images. 

=cut

=head1 FIELDS
 
=item 
 C<id I<string>>

 The ID for the image

=item 
 C<title I<string>>

 The title of the image.

=item 
 C<description I<string>>

 Description of the image.

=item 
 C<datetime I<integer>>

 Time inserted into the gallery, epoch time

=item 
 C<type I<string>>

 Image MIME type.

=item 
 C<animated I<boolean>>

 is the image animated

=item 
 C<width I<integer>>

 The width of the image in pixels

=item 
 C<height I<integer>>

 The height of the image in pixels

=item 
 C<size I<integer>>

 The size of the image in bytes

=item 
 C<views I<integer>>

 The number of image views

=item 
 C<bandwidth I<integer>>

 Bandwidth consumed by the image in bytes

=item 
 C<deletehash I<string>>

 OPTIONAL, the deletehash, if you're logged in as the image owner

=item 
 C<link I<string>>

 The direct link to the the image. (Note: if fetching an animated GIF that was over 20MB in original size, a .gif thumbnail will be returned)

=item 
 C<gifv I<string>>

 OPTIONAL, The .gifv link. Only available if the image is animated and type is 'image/gif'.

=item 
 C<mp4 I<string>>

 OPTIONAL, The direct link to the .mp4. Only available if the image is animated and type is 'image/gif'.

=item 
 C<mp4_size I<integer>>

 OPTIONAL, The Content-Length of the .mp4. Only available if the image is animated and type is 'image/gif'. Note that a zero value (0) is possible if the video has not yet been generated

=item 
 C<looping I<boolean>>

 OPTIONAL, Whether the image has a looping animation. Only available if the image is animated and type is 'image/gif'.

=item 
 C<vote I<string>>

 The current user's vote on the album. null if not signed in or if the user hasn't voted on it.

=item 
 C<favorite I<boolean>>

 Indicates if the current user favorited the image. Defaults to false if not signed in.

=item 
 C<nsfw I<boolean>>

 Indicates if the image has been marked as nsfw or not. Defaults to null if information is not available.

=item 
 C<comment_count I<int>>

 Number of comments on the gallery image.

=item 
 C<topic I<string>>

 Topic of the gallery image.

=item 
 C<topic_id I<integer>>

 Topic ID of the gallery image.

=item 
 C<section I<string>>

 If the image has been categorized by our backend then this will contain the section the image belongs in. (funny, cats, adviceanimals, wtf, etc)

=item 
 C<account_url I<string>>

 The username of the account that uploaded it, or null.

=item 
 C<account_id I<integer>>

 The account ID of the account that uploaded it, or null.

=item 
 C<ups I<integer>>

 Upvotes for the image

=item 
 C<downs I<integer>>

 Number of downvotes for the image

=item 
 C<points I<integer>>

 Upvotes minus downvotes

=item 
 C<score I<integer>>

 Imgur popularity score

=item 
 C<is_album I<boolean>>

 If it's an album or not

=item 
 C<in_most_viral I<boolean>>

 Indicates if the image is in the most viral gallery or not.


=head1 EXAMPLE

=begin json

 {
   "success" : true,
   "status" : 200,
   "data" : {
      "views" : 625622,
      "vote" : null,
      "animated" : false,
      "is_album" : false,
      "datetime" : 1349051625,
      "account_id" : 384077,
      "score" : 18935622,
      "width" : 2490,
      "height" : 3025,
      "account_url" : "saponifi3d",
      "ups" : 1889,
      "title" : "My most recent drawing. Spent over 100 hours. I'm pretty proud of it.",
      "comment_count" : 10,
      "size" : 618969,
      "type" : "image/jpeg",
      "downs" : 58,
      "points" : 1831,
      "bandwidth" : 387240623718,
      "id" : "OUHDm",
      "section" : "pics",
      "description" : null
   }
}


=end json

=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

http://api.imgur.com/models/


