=head1 NAME

 Imgur::API::Endpoint::Comment

=head1 DESCRIPTION

 Access to the imgur Comment API Endpoint. 

 See: https://api.imgur.com/endpoints/comment

=cut

=head1 METHODS
 
=head2 get

 Get information about a specific comment.

B<Parameters>

=item *
 C<comment> I<required>

 Comment

=cut

=head2 create

  Creates a new comment, returns the ID of the comment. 

B<Parameters>

=item *
 C<parent_id> I<optional>

 The ID of the parent comment, this is an alternative method to create a reply.

=item *
 C<image_id> I<required>

 The ID of the image in the gallery that you wish to comment on

=item *
 C<comment> I<required>

 The comment text, this is what will be displayed

=cut

=head2 delete

 Delete a comment by the given id.

B<Parameters>

=item *
 C<comment> I<required>

 Comment

=cut

=head2 replies

 Get the comment with all of the replies for the comment.

B<Parameters>

=item *
 C<comment> I<required>

 Comment

=cut

=head2 replyCreate

 Create a reply for the given comment.

B<Parameters>

=item *
 C<comment> I<required>

 The comment text, this is what will be displayed

=item *
 C<image_id> I<required>

 The ID of the image in the gallery that you wish to comment on

=cut

=head2 vote

  Vote on a comment. The {vote} variable can only be set as "up" or "down". 

B<Parameters>

=item *
 C<vote> I<required>

 Vote

=item *
 C<comment> I<required>

 Comment

=cut

=head2 report

 Report a comment for being inappropriate.

B<Parameters>

=item *
 C<5> I<required>

 

=item *
 C<2> I<required>

 

=item *
 C<reason> I<optional>

 An integer representing the reason for the report
                            Value
                                    Description
                                1
                                    Doesn't belong on Imgur
                                2
                                    Spam
                                3
                                    Abusive
                                4
                                    Mature content not marked as mature
                                5
                                    Pornography
                                

=item *
 C<1> I<required>

 

=item *
 C<comment> I<required>

 Comment

=item *
 C<4> I<required>

 

=item *
 C<3> I<required>

 

=cut


